# **Individual Weekly Report**

**Name**: Sam Trythall

**Team**: Stroke Rehab

**Date**: 3/24/25

## **Current Status**

### **What did *you* work on this past week?**

| *Task* | *Status* | *Time Spent* |
| :---- | :---- | :---- |
| *Animate the model using collected motion data.* | *In progress* | *6 hours* |
| *Fix Role Based Access Control* | *Complete* | *3 hours* |

*Include screenshots/diagrams/figures/etc. to illustrate what you did this past week.*

### **What problems did you run into? What is your plan for them?**

I mainly ran into issues with getting the model animated. I planned to just convert the files to .gltf and extract the animation files in three js to animate the model. Sadly I found out that the model we used when converted to gltf loses its rigging (skeleton), so It needs to be rerigged in something like a blender to animate it which is difficult. Another option I thought of is to use a different model and change the joints to match as close as we can get to the motion files generated by opensim. The motion files also can’t be converted to gltf, so I need to build a parser to do that automatically. I think these are the best solutions to these problems that came up because of opensim's weird file standard and lack of conversion tools.

### **What is the current overall project status from your perspective?**

I think from my perspective we are a bit behind, but I think we can catch up if we work hard this next sprint.

### **How is your team functioning from your perspective?**

I think the team is functioning perfectly fine.

### **What new ideas did you have or skills did you develop this week?**

I had to learn about gltf files, the currently in development repo of the web version of opensim (there is an issue from a year ago on it saying they couldn’t convert motion files). I also learned how to properly make use of auth0 to enable role based access control and some triggers that automatically occur whenever someone logs in.

### **Who was your most awesome team member this week and why?**

I think the most awesome team member was Derian for getting the messaging system working, and creating a lot of the backend routes.

## **Plans for Next Week**

*What are you going to work on this week?*

I’m going to focus on getting the animation stuff done, so we can actually make use of our motion data collected from the IMU’s.